wrapJavaJar: init (#185147)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/languages-frameworks/java.section.md

`$out/share/package-name`.

If your Java package provides a program, you need to generate a wrapper
script to run it using a JRE. A function named `wrapJavaJar` can be used
to do this automatically. Any attributes given will be passed to

> `mkDerivation`. It also accepts the following optional attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mkDerivation`.

It accepts the following optional attributes:
```

A bit more whitespace helps with skimming and reading.

NB: I would prefer wrapping lines at sentence boundaries, as that helps with restructuring and makes diffs easier on the eye.

> * `javaExecutable`. This refers to the path of the java executable to

Reviewer: Please use definition lists for things like these.

```
Term
: Definition
```

create the wrapper with. By default, `${jre}/bin/java` is used.
* `makeWrapperArgs`. Pass extra flags to `makeWrapper`.

> ```nix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:

```nix
```

wrapJavaJar {
  name = "foo";
  src = fetchurl { ... };
}
```

This will copy `src` to `share/java/foo.jar`, and a wrapper to it will

> be created at `bin/foo`. You can also use `makeWrapper` to do it manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be created at `bin/foo`.

You can also use `makeWrapper` to achieve the same result manually:
```
